Q. What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A. Using the command git init to initialize a repository will create an empty 
repo within your working directory. We can use git add to add files to the 
staging area before commiting those files to our new repo. We need to do this inorder to store meta data about the history of the repo in hidden .git files.

Q. How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers? 

A. The staging area is an intermediate step between the working directory and the 
repo which gives me more control over which files get bundled together into a 
single commit into the repo. The rule of thumb is one commit per logical change
so it makes sense for me to bundle related files into different commit groups. 

Q. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

A. You can bundle logical changes by adding the files that needed to be modified for the change to the staging area before committing those files to the repo. 

Q. What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?

A. Branches are helpful when I want to add experimental features or different 
versions of my project but I want to tweak the architecture of the code base in my main branch. Branches allow me to drastically change a projects underlying 
structure if need be without mucking up the main branch or having to search 
through my commits to find older versions of a file.

Q. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

A. Diagrams help me visualize the branch structure by illustrating at which 
commits we branched off from. Diagrams also illustrate each commits parent. 

Q. What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it
in the diagram the way we do?

A. Merging two branches together combines all commits into a single branch 
sorted by timestamp. Preforming a merge creates a new commit that becomes the 
head of the branch. We represent this new merge commit as a node pointing to theheads of each old branchs because these old heads are the parent nodes to the 
merge commit (hence no commit in the two previous branchs are unreachable).

Q. What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing mergesmanually?

A. automatic merging is convenient because it saves the coder from having to 
go through each change in order to decide which ones to keep. However, if a 
merge conflict has arises then the merge must be done manually because this 
generally means that both coders have changed the same lines of code.
Automatically determining which changes to keep in this scenario would require
advanced A.I. algorithms that may be prone to error. A manual commit in this 
case is the safer bet.
